---
title: "Update!"
date: 2024-02-22
tags: ['Software']
author: "Albyp"
---

# Update! General & Neovim 

It's been a while since my last post, so I thought I'd poke a stick at this project and keep it going.

To continue from my [last post]({{< relref "2023-11-03_hugoblogproject" >}}), I haven't made any new additions to the [Mine Life](https://github.com/albyp/mine-life) project. I do plan on furthering the development of this project in the future, as it's my first experience with game-dev and also assists with learning Python.

Recently I have created a couple of web-scraping projects for various items, and also looking at creating one for Formula 1 in the near future.
The idea behind this is to scrape the F1 website, gather a bunch of information from previous races i.e. pit records, lap times etc. and use this information to feed into a spreadsheet used for better predicting race outcomes.

## Life

Thinking about sharing some major life stories on here, but I don't want to go into to much detail on WWW.
I need to come up with a line on what I am comfortable to share. I know that currently I am the only one viewing the site, however I want it to be future-proof in a way that I don't have to go and remove articles for the sake of privacy.
I don't think that it'll be too hard to come up with some stories that delve into what I'm working on / up to in my regular life without too much transparency.

Here's something... I rolled my ankle yesterday, it's sprained fairly badly, a fair amount of swelling, however that has subsided quite a bit.

## Neovim

Ever since I've used Linux, I have tried using Vim.
I can use it reasonably effectively, but not as well as VS Code on my main Windows PC.

Recently, I have gone down the path of installing Neovim (Nvim) on my main PC for the simple fact that there are a lot of functions that I find easier to perform in Vim.
Plus I want a simple program and configuration I can just grab and run with if I feel the need.

### Configuring Neovim

There are plenty of online resources for custom IDE-like config's for Nvim that work as simply as cloning into your directory, running `nvim` and letting the plugin manager do the magic.

My current Nvim config is mostly based off [LunarVim/Neovim-from-scratch](https://github.com/LunarVim/Neovim-from-scratch).
However I am building it myself while following along to the video tutorials.
This will give me greater control of the plugins that I am installing, along with the understanding on how my setup works.
You can check out my Nvim config [here](https://github.com/albyp/nvim-config).

## Todo

Finally, I have a few tasks to continue on with for the blog.
I'm going to put them here, rather than storing them inside my README file or some other garbage location.
Styling! This is a big one. I need to correct a lot of things with the color scheme, along with generic text styling.
I'm not happy with the way the text wraps on smaller lines, so I may look at justification just to see how it would look.

So, in summary:
- color scheme
- justification
- text styles 
- `code snippets`

Anyway, thanks for reading!
