---
title: 'Project Zomboid'
date: 2024-03-04
tags: ['Games']
author: 'Albyp'
---

# Project Zomboid

I have seen Project Zomboid appearing on my Steam Store page before, but never really took much time to look into it.
Recently, a few of my friends have been firing the game back up, playing multiplayer together etc.

It was only the other day, I was in a Discord server and a couple of them were talking about the game.
Some of the survival elements really struck it to me, and got my interested.
I decided to ask some questions about the game. I've played quite a lot of DayZ with these guys, so they kind of started there, and explained it as 'you are actually required to use survival instinct and common sense when playing rather than game logic'.
Then moving to explaining that jumping through a window could quite easily cut you from the broken glass, makes sounds to alert nearby enemies and so on.

I looked on SteamDB to see when the game typically goes on sale, and found that the March Spring sale was a good 33% discount last year. So, I was willing to wait the couple of weeks to pick this up.
However... I am impatient. I opened up G2A and found a Steam global key for Zomboid at about 50% discount from Steam's original price. Great! I grabbed the game, activated it on Steam and installed it.
It is only today, 4th March, that I have decided to launch and give it a go.

## Tutorial

The tutorial gives you a brutal rundown on the game.
Loads you into the world, shows you the basic controls, tells you 'YOU ARE GOING TO DIE' and gives you a shotgun with ~6 rounds to fight off hundreds of zombies.
I thought it was great. It was accurate, brutally honest and just shows you what you need to know to atleast get started.

## First Solo
